php-api-structure
===

General structure for a RESTful PHP API project.

    <project_name>/
      app/
        Controllers/
        Db/
          Migrations/
          Seeds/
        Exceptions/
        Helpers/
        Http/
        Lib/
        Models/
      bootstrap/
      config/
        environments/
      docs/
      log/
      public/
      scripts/
      tests/
      .gitignore
	  .travis.yml
      composer.json
	  README.md
      Vagrantfile

-------

* `app/`: It organizes your application components. It's got subdirectories controller (controllers), and the backend business logic (models). It will house the MVC system except for the views.
	* `Controllers/`: Controllers of your app.
	* `Db`: Everything related with the database.
		* `Migrations/`: It will contain iterations of the schema of your database.
		* `Seeds/`: Seeders that will populate your database with both fake and test data.
	* `Exceptions/`: Exceptions that your API takes into consideration.
	* `Helpers/`: It contains any helpers class to assist models, controllers and the rest of the project.
	* `Http/`: All the classes related with HTTP interaction.
	* `Lib/`: Libraries of your app except for those located in `vendor/`.
	* `Models/`: ORM classes that will access your database.
* `bootstrap/`: Start and config you application.
* `config/`: The application-wide configuration directory.
    * `environments/`: Configurations that differ between environments.
* `docs/`: This directory contains documentation, either generated or directly authored.
* `log/`: Log info generated by your application or your server.
* `public/`: Entry point of your web service. Divides the 'user-visible' part of the application from the rest.
* `scripts/`: Maintenance and/or build scripts that are not executed at runtime but are part of the correct functioning of the application.
* `tests/`: Tests directory. It will contain as many folders as type of tests (`functional`, `unit`, `acceptance`, etc).

> Based on [Ruby on Rails](https://github.com/railstutorial/first_app) examples, [Zend](http://framework.zend.com/manual/1.12/en/project-structure.project.html) recommended project structure and [Laravel 5 project structure](https://github.com/bestmomo/laravel5-example).
